adding documentation for new alias commands (#1296)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/show-databases-columns.asciidoc

|===
|Column |Description|Default Output|Full Output| Notes
|name|The name of the database.|{check-mark}|{check-mark}|

> |aliases|The aliases of the database name.|{check-mark}|{check-mark}|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|aliases|The names of any aliases the database may have.|{check-mark}|{check-mark}|
```
